Fix axis regularisation (#356)
idefix-code/idefix: test/IO/pydefix/README.md

```

you can then run cmake which should be able to find pybind11, and compile the code.

> If while running the code using a python interpreter in an envionement, you might run into errors stating that some module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If while running the code using a python interpreter in an environment, you run into errors stating that some module
```

installed in your environement is not present. This is because pybind11 does not always capture your venv. You need to force the following environement variables (replace XX by your python version)

```bash

> export PYTHONPATH=$VIRTUAL_ENV/lib/python3.XX/site-packages

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
export PYTHONPATH=$VIRTUAL_ENV/lib/python3.XX/site-packages:$PYTHONPATH
```
